[Music]
so now just try the typical one
cheer us on every game
Brazil is in full swing
G
[Applause]
well
what you get from nines has its four
trumps even few
So I'm the endgame for it
So Germany is looking for Turkey
Now just before halftime but a
frame ball
that's how it always was
[Applause]
some
I did not bring anything
[Applause]
I think otherwise you can do a bit
But do not relax the hairstyle of
important to them the solid
[Music]
go to the hair studio as a star
hairdressing riot makes up for it
your center a hackern water use
cut something again too
whatever the studio is all about
clear
after replacing euro at the hypo or
[Applause]
the best food with the usa
beat today
[Music]